
Around what time is it right now? I don't even know because I have always like my my time on phone and computer. It's always very high is still, I am on the specific time but it's midnight here and like yesterday we were trying to schedule the call but it was mostly around like three or four am my time and I just, you know, This fallacy, the past couple of days.

So let's do it. This is about fulfillment for the high ticket clients, right? And right now how we are doing is, we have our group chats on whatsapp and I think I have added the links to joining those jazz on the On the Google sheet that we have. That means just open that sheet.

I noticed for the, the chats is and there isn't chats for every single one of the clients. It's only maybe like, 60% of them is their chance for the rest of them, or is it just not on the sheet? Oh, there's oh, there's just for almost all of them.

But it's just that I could not like, get a link for those chairs of or for some chess. I'm just not in the in the indie group jazz but for or others I was not an admin to you know, invite anyone but I can add you individually. I think.

What's up has this new feature? That anyone in the chat can add? Yeah, if you can add me to those how to be great. Yeah so basically like if I share my screen, Need to get me out.

Okay, can, can you guys see my screen? Oh yeah, I can see. Yes, yes. Okay. So Basically, we need this street filled also, but most of this has to be done by, by the sales team because this, we I don't have this information, there's no way. We, I tried to find some of the information on CRM, but it's not there.

So we need to have. And we, I have been trying to do this. Get the sales team. Like were the your sandal or other people to build this, but they have not, you know, done anything on the sheet yet. So, We have like, made a game plan and this is the first Tab on this sheet and it it's like pretty self-explanatory.

So the problem that we have that I had during the past month was like I wasn't sure about all the clients because I am not not getting the information from the sales team. So for example, if I am you know, working on this particular client I was like two guys.

You and Andy, I don't know which exact product they have bought, right? So I'm not sure if they are in the what's their level like, If they are in the enterprise or VIP and like, it's not a big difference between enterprise and VIP but if you go down so all of them have whatsapp charts.

But it just it's it just says private client or emerald which is a codeword that they have paid the money, right. But we need to have this information to know how much has anyone paid to give them the exact or Exact things that they were promised. So we are not, you know, providing more and we are not providing less and we are, you know, clients so hard who have who have paid a lot of money.

We are giving them the right protocol so that's missing and then If you go into the jets, and I notice that you have joined most of the jets, I can send you or forward to you for each client, the questions that they have unanswered from time until now, and then for for most of the times, they would just like, post the questions here and you would go.

Okay, I will get back to you with an answer. I will pass this on to die and get a response to you. And then the previously I was doing it, I was just sending, I was just forwarding those messages and the screenshot to tie and you know, giving him some context.

Like this is the client. He like who what when what program he's in or and I just send him the questions. He when whenever he gets a chance, he just leaves a voice message either in my chat or he Is that group chat and replies to those messages? So that's pretty much it.

That's what I was doing and regarding The. Telegram. It's basically two groups. So to big groups and then we have some free groups. So the paid ones are knowledge and once mastermind and regular paid ones, did you say? Yes, these are the paid ones like all the people or in these groups have paid for one thing or another.

Okay? And the other one is for pillars telepace, high net worth must mind. Okay, so I think the I have noticed that the knowledge one is the most active group, all right? And so there's it's it's like a group and a community. So there's a lot of people in in these just and they keep posting questions and they are sometimes you're not discussing stuff among them.

So the problem with these two or groups is there's no dedicated person or team right now who is like totally focused on these groups and things get missed. Like people are usually I think the customer support division is like, I'm not sure what the issue is but people, you know, reach out to them.

People call them or even email about refunds or about their login issues or any Anything and they they don't get timely responses, like sometimes it takes up to three or four weeks to get small issues resolved, and then people get, you know, aggrieved and start posting stuff in these stats.

So, like my plan, I had discussed this with its loss. Like I I think that we need at least two people who are dedicated and are, you know, available during the Eastern or Specific time zone from like 9 or 10 am in the morning. And until all at least 10 pm or maybe midnight because that's when people are kind of active.

So if we have to be people who are schedule to be online during that time, and, you know, they just basic thing. Is that the response time in these stats is really, really slow. So if we are we if we have like, dedicated people who can just respond and like forward there requests or customers requests or questions or anything to the relevant chats and it does get resolved like whenever I get the chance, every Every like a couple of days I go through all of these jets and you know I apologize for not getting back to them earlier and then I just take a screenshot try to find their email address or phone number and then I share with the support team and this way it's way faster than, you know, customers contacting this port team themselves because in my experience or what I have observed, they never get a response.

Yeah so these are the two Or three main pin points that and the problem that like what I have understood is that, no one is working on this for an extended amount of time, right? Every month or a couple of months or this is being, you know, thrown away into someone's plate.

Who is already, you know, doing one thing or another. So for example, me, I'm managing the concierge team and it's like a full-time job and I'm not sure what you guys are doing. I'm but I'm pretty sure that you are all doing something which is like your dedicated full-time thing and now you have to also do this.

So I would suggest and I would also request you to suggest these just to like it's alert someone to have people work on this for at least a couple of months and then they get used to it and they are only It like, at least this pen, 50 to 80% of their time during a day on this.

And I think, We it's it's not like rocket science or something really well. Yeah, so I have a few questions so for the high ticket client questions so if they have a question they just send it into their whatsapp group and then I can forward that I can rather one page or send it to tie or whatever.

But for the past few weeks, have you got, have you created a list of questions that I can put into one page is to get tight to answer? So I'm I'm not quite sure or if it should be a one page or because there was a They were there was a client who needs an answer today and I forwarded his question to tie in his jack and I personal message him and I told him that I I would we are like working on one pages for all other clients.

So his response was that it needs to be a sheet. He said, one sheet. So like we need to clarify. If he is, you know, he's on his wanting us to do one pages like one page for each client. That's what it's a little posted in the chat and that's what his message means.

The one that he had said on Sunday every Monday. Right. But I get like his response or He just said one sheet and it's it's like a two word response. So I'm not sure if he wants you to make a sheet and, you know, crack the questions or share that with him in digital pin phone.

So, but I haven't done one. One pages for all because sometimes it's it's voice messages. Sometimes it's so Like, A very small thing that you wouldn't be able to, you know, put it on a page and the kind of the question that I had is like since I only just joined the whatsapp groups, I can't see any of the past questions that they've had.

So like if everything today till today and then, yeah, yeah, I would, I would I would forward you all the questions and like the clients. And I can give you a bit of context about what they were talking about and you know, you can of all the questions that were an answered in in past couple of weeks.

Yeah, that would be great and then I think I was the other question. One, other question I had is when you had the Google sheet up sharing your screen, you said it was hard to be out of know which client or which program like how much they paid? What's the way that would have find that out?

Do we just log into like admin channel or do it? Maybe when we create the group chat, we can label it, like, which like program live by not program. We are. Yeah, that's the best way to do is to level every chat, but for that, we need to know like which client has paid with how much like so, I think for for some clients because every client has not only has a different, they have like different payment plans.

So it's hard for someone who is not in the sales or I don't know, accounting to understand like how much there like which level they are on, so we need someone else to. I think you can find that information on the admin panel, like how much have the paid but it's like it's something that is different for every client.

So if for example, I know a few who are like, who have paid Who haven't paid a hundred thousand yet, but that's what they bought. So that they have maybe paid only, 33,000 USD until now. And I think I'm not quite sure, but I think admin panel would just show the 33,000 and it wouldn't show that they would actually pay.

Yeah. So we if we have a that information and if we can add all to the name of the chat, the level of the programs, for example, enterprise VIP grow core basic, and that would make it very easier like anyone. If, and if anyone new joins the team, and they would be able to, you know, understand that just from the name of the chat.

Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I'm just saying if those anything also needed to go over as well, so It's all mentioned that me and Peter will be in charge of like reminding Thai when he has client calls and feeling the client calls him stuff. How do we do that?

You just send him a message. So how do I know when they have a call though? Because you will schedule it. Like, you would you know that's what do they have like codes. Every like, like Course like this often they have a pretty good one we just put in.

Yeah, yeah so every like that's the issue we so until now I have just been scheduling when you know they ask or Jeremy asks or sometimes they asks, but you see if you go to that sheet product game plan and you see the deliverables, not every level has one call a month.

So for some levels, it's like one one, one on one call a month and then if you go to the smaller levels, I think the basic and core doesn't have About set call each month. So and you can also check this on the other tab which is all products ranked by priority and it has like all the main features oh, and production, bonuses and everything.

So, and the main part of this slide private client programs is basically the the call with tie so, or in person shadowing, so support example. Let me see, I think it's

Yep. So

Or pro VIP and enterprise, it's like one private call. Now, it's only for enterprise and VIB but I am I I know that they had, they are also doing calls one on one calls for all lower level clients also. So it's very confusing but they would usually ask you to schedule it.

Like, someone would tell you to schedule it or, you know, if you keep working on it for a few months you can keep track that this client had a call last month. I can let you know from October, I think and this month, no one has had a call yet, but there are some calls scheduled and then I don't think I was working on it in September but I would, you know, just it's a message that time they asked for the call when they like me one, Here.

And sometimes they're like very quiet. So, we would just, you know, remind them that you have a call this month. That is no what time works for you and would be and then we would schedule it. So, that's, that's how it is working right now. It makes sense. And then, do you already have the, like a Google talk with the questions from how to get clients.

That I can go over it. So I said to post this sheet with client questions. Have you already created that? No, because it's, I, we, we were, I was just, you know, forwarding the questions to try. And I have observed, that, that is the Easiest way or die to respond.

Yeah, because otherwise I have seen like it's it's all on his more like there was two weeks when he did not even respond to those messages. And yeah, everyone there are way that you can create a sheet because I like me, I'll be taking over this now. So, like I don't have like I can't see the past conversations in whatsapp groups to connect.

I don't think they are asking for a sheet to have all past questions. Yeah, it's all just ask. She said, push the sheet with client questions.

And then can we go through it and add me to all those the chats that I'm not already in. So I joined all of the ones that were on the Google sheet but then the rest of them which is like 50%. I'm not in still. Yep, of course. Sorry, I know it's annoying.

There's just no other way that I can get into that.

Okay, I'll

And she'd can you reply to it? So in the fulfillment chat, she said what's the update on teachers, do we have them all for tomorrow such today already? No everyone. I also working on the average, I need to stop calling the different teachers to burn. The problem is We only have we do have a sheet for teachers, but it's only for the SMS slash emissions, we don't have, we didn't really have teachers to go from for the grand theory and the PBA.

And,

But to be honest with Thomas message toothpaste and And what did you say? Sorry. She said, Thomas message, Joe Pace and and asking.

In your panel.

And because honestly, there was no, There hasn't ever been a shade with climb questions. So and this is the first time, you know, as I told you that guys said one sheet, not one pages so it's it's like very confusing and it needs clarification Are what is being required?

So there's like right now, there's no sheet that has like all the questions or all the past questions, because it's just, it's just on whatsapp. And before today, I have always been just forwarding it to die and he responds in a voice message. So everything updated. Then, like his tyrus funded to everyone, certainly.

No, no, you know, can you send me maybe? Can you put those questions on to like if she or a document and then I'll get them out of my tie? Yeah. Maybe that's why it's all means like all the other unanswered ones, I'll get them sent over into that and stuff and then he can report a video for them.

Maybe yep.

And then, yeah. The thoughts. Oh yeah. And then we can go through and I'll list the whatsapp groups that need to be added to as well and maybe we could just go through it. Yeah I'm just adding you to the ones. That you could have been joined. Or.

The.

And computer. It's less asking an update for teachers. Yes, I am targeting it now. Yeah. Okay, good.

And then Gabriel what? Time zone. What times in EST? Are you on from EST? 6am to EST. 12 am Thing. Okay. Yeah, you work like 12 and that's like 18 hours, 18 hours now, you know? But I'm available to work on those times for any task but, you know, in the meantime, I do other things to because I'm only an intern, so I have to pay the bills somehow so, yeah, but I'm available because I don't need to, you know, cut contact with the tasks from the company.

I can always attend test from the company That's, that's okay. So I was thinking maybe Peter and Gabriel, if you want to stay across telegram pretty, like, like, watch it pretty closely or watch the whatsapp groups for private clients, so a little bit more closely and then if you guys want to watch telegram and like customer support side of things, so making sure that everyone gets to reply to on there.

I mean, I'll always check it as well. I'm during the hours that I'm on, but if you guys can do that, when you're on, just making sure that no one's left unanswered for days at a time, or if they have a question or they're trying to get a refund then just passing it over screenshotting it to the customer support team.

Yeah, I think, since we are in three different time zones, we can work like a kind of a 24/7, active fulfillment team. Yeah basically that sounds like a good idea. Perfect. So just whenever you're on maybe even turn on the notifications for the walk for the telegram groups and when someone says something we can get it, get on top of it straight away.

Yeah, that's sounds good. So, the groups are knowledge and for pillars, right? Yeah, then even the buttons as well, right? Search just let me have a look that I'm inside the groups. Yeah, not only the potato grams, but on paid ones as well, you know. No, not done big ones, the unpaid ones.

And I think they have different people working on it, okay. So just the The pavement. Yeah, yeah. I'm looking, and I'm only in acknowledge I'm not in for pillars. So, do you have the link or something? Yeah, I'm also nothing before in the four pillars, I had a problem, joining it.

It knowledge 190 members. Is that correct? Here. Okay good, thanks. So now I need to be in the the four pillars group. I don't think I'm in the fork of those evil. Yeah. Maybe severe, do you have a length of telegram that you can send off? So we can join?

I. Yep, there's a telegram chat on whatsapp that all of the ones on that. Which one are you not in? Focus. Okay. So I don't see an option to copy a link. From the group. But,

It is a is a Google sheet with all of the chats if you just want to join all of them actually On.

Yeah, that link wasn't working. The last time we checked. I think Peter was trying to join, but the link that is on the Google sheet for this particular telecom. Chat didn't work. Yeah. Electronic.

This is the length it here. I'm not sure. If you're all in this chart

You know, and now are you also going to be reaching out today? Yeah, I will but it weren't being. I don't think there's gonna get answers in time for like if I'm reaching out to new people, we're probably won't get answers in time for the call in like a few hours.

Sovereign that length when I open it, when I open that group right says, you can't access this message. You don't a member of the chat where it was posted. Yep. So it's so I don't know. It's this it's the link on the sheet. You can cry the short ring but I think it's it's also Think I think someone who is an admin and that group needs to, you know, Okay.

Either. And you, or

And weirdly, it's only tie and casperry. Just the way then. Telegram chat links? Okay. Found it.

Okay, but I added you to most of the chats and on whatsapp

Thank you for that. So then when questions come in, they're just send it into their chat. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah, that's perfect. So if you could just create a list of the unannounced questions and then I'll work on getting those answered by time. Let me see if there's anything else that needs to complete.

Good.

We're still. It's just sending me the unanswered questions. So

When I click on the link on the sheet that you shared Hannah, it says not available. Unfortunately you can't access this message. You are in the member of the chat where it was supposed Yeah, that's what I said for me as well. I've just asked the admin of the group to us in.

Oh, wait, your name is using I don't this way. And again.

Well.

It served Peter. How many more teachers do we need for Thursday's call? So, we literally just need one teacher for the grand theory. No, some someone that can teach on love wealth. Alpha happiness, one of those four, and the personal brand incoming sectors. Some of that can teach on building a brand.

Okay, and already has a big brand.

Like and I did like five six hours of my fish today so far but no response. Is it? Yeah, and it's I just feel like the best start doing our each day, which I will be, it's not gonna get responses in time for the call tomorrow. So there will be for next week.

Okay, so Hannah, I just added you to the rest of the WhatsApp just, but there's like redhats that didn't have any option to add a bar spent and I was in three or four chats here. So I have sent you this screenshots of those chats, you can ask either it's a larger journey to add you in those tracks.

Perfect. Thank you. And then if after this course, you can just create a document with just the unanswered questions then. Yeah, stop nagging me. Yeah. She keeps asking for it. Yeah, that I would do. Oh today. Okay, perfect. I think that's everything. If I have more questions, I'll just like send your voice message.

And if we need a jump on another call that we can