Welcome to the 13th thesis, the entire system.
I'm going to be teaching you the first thesis, but I want to lay out to what all 13 are about.
By the way, it's called the 13th thesis because the very last one, in a way, is the most important.
So make sure you get through all these 13.
Don't give up halfway through.
You're going to miss like the gist of this and don't just watch the 13th one first because it won't make sense.
So just to be clear, you know, what is the 13th thesis?
What did you just get yourself into?
So this is specifically, of course, I'm a man, so it's going to be kind of from a man's perspective.
As a man, these are the 13 things you need to know about love, sex, and dating.
Okay, specifically on long-term mating, and I'm going to use the phrase mating instead of dating
just because my mentors who are scientists, they don't use the phrase dating.
So I'm going to copy, they use a more scientific nomenclature mating.
Okay, so we're going to specifically be talking about long-term mating versus short.
Remember, humans bifurcate, they often have a long-term and a short-term mating.
Short-term mating is like sleeping around, lots of partners.
This program specifically on the concept of long-term mating.
Okay, so of the 13th thesis, one of the first thesis is economic principle.
Okay, the next five thesis are behavioral archetypes.
Okay, these are things you must display.
Okay, and then five are what we call psychometric trait analysis.
That's you analyzing the personality of the person you're seeking.
Okay, then we have a book, that's the 12th, and then the 13th is this optimal stopping.
This is, you know, how to know how many people we should date before you make your decision.
Does that make sense?
So that's the 13th.
The first one we're going to talk about today is thick and thin market economics.
It's a principle taken somewhat from economics, how to think in probabilities.
Then we'll go through the five archetypes you must display, the surfer, the James Bond, the spiritual artist, all these things.
Then the five traits you must look for in a long-term partner.
Okay, these are the mother, the queen, the sister, the daughter, you know, the lover.
And then the little-known book from a Harvard former Harvard professor, and then the last ones, the math around optimal stopping,
so that you don't like get overwhelmed by too many choices and never make a choice.
Okay, this is important.
This may be a more, most important set of videos you've ever seen, and I'm not just saying that because I'm doing them.
If I could be 18 years old again and have any set of videos put ahead of me, I would do this one first.
Because remember, I have this thing I call, it's unrelated, it's kind of related, but I have this thing I call the grand theory of seven.
The grand theory is saying there's basically seven things you must do right in life.
Okay, and guess what the first one is?
Bloodline.
What's bloodline?
Friends family romance.
You must have a set of friends that is as close as family.
Bloodline.
They may not be literally your bloodline, but they're so loyal and close to you, they die for you, you die for them, that's your bloodline.
From the friendship standpoint.
Then you must have family.
That's the family you were born with, brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers, grandparents, but children you will have.
I hope for you, you know, I have children, I hope you will have children.
And then lastly, there's romance.
Romance is the glue that for the last 10,000 generations has caused people to stick together, at least long enough,
to raise healthy children.
Okay.
And so bloodline is part of my grand theory of seven.
And this, but then when people begin to ask me, okay, but Ty, what about, you know, bloodline when it comes to romance and family and having kids and finding, you know, long term,
mate, whether it's for marriage or children or whatever, that's where I developed the 13th thesis around the thought that there's these 13 thesis.
But the last one is the most important.
That's why I called it the 13th thesis, but all 13 are important.
Just make sure you get through all these.
There's bonuses to some special premium upgrade modules you can add on.
If you want by paying a little bit more, things like the global city guide.
How do you tend to rumble hinge it in my experience?
You know, I, if you don't know much about me, maybe you found this online, you know, I have a lot of, I have eight million social media followers, which is not that important, except to say,
I get a lot of input from other people over the years.
I've always been a social person.
I've owned nightclubs.
I've, you know, I used to do some of the biggest parties in the world for many years.
I live in Hollywood, you know, here in my garage, that video, if you've seen it, that was the house.
I used to do so many parties.
I eventually got shut down by the city of L.A.
Ooh, Beverly Hills at a big house.
You know, you may have seen the party.
I did an influencer party.
Really the first one in the world that had, I had 1,200 people in my backyard.
I've been blogging my lifestyle.
And one of the most common questions in the last 10 years has been like, Ty, what's your opinion on women dating love?
What age do you have kids sex, romance, short term dates, polyamory, you know, and now, of course, the man is here has grown on social media, and people are arguing about this, and woman's body counting this.
And I was like, now's the time.
Let me create the 13th thesis system and lay out real science.
Now, you may not agree with it science.
There's always different science of opposing opinions.
But something happened to me that's even more important.
About 10 years ago, a little under 10 years ago, I was speaking.
I've been thinking on the subject.
I built a system called the Mr. X system back in 2013.
And I went right before I did my TEDx talk.
I'm here in my garage video.
And I was at the invited to Vegas at the online dating and social media conference.
So all these people who owned, you know, Match.com, which is now Tinder.
And, you know, they didn't blah, blah, blah.
And I gave a talk on my thesis at that time.
I had like 12.
And I was going, blah, blah, blah.
And here's my 12.
And this is how a woman's brain works algorithmically and making decisions.
And at the end, I thought I was a pretty good talk.
I came up and he was an older fellow.
And he's like, that was an interesting talk.
How did you learn all that?
I thought I was very interested.
At the time I was dating this girl.
It was very beautiful.
She was like a foreign model from New York.
And she was with me.
And we went out to dinner.
And then I slowly got to know I'm sitting with this guy, Dr. David Bus.
At the time, I didn't know who he was.
Now everybody knows who he is.
I mean, Jordan Peterson says he's the number one person he looks up to.
He's a former Harvard professor.
Now you might not agree with Jordan Peterson.
But Dr. Bus is a former professor at Harvard.
And he slowly began to open my mind starting in about 20, this end of 2013, 2014.
And we spent tremendous amount of time together over the years talking in person.
He would come out to L.A.
He's like, Ty, your life is kind of like a, you know, grand experiment of what I've been studying.
And he's now considered the number one evolutionary psychologist.
He's co-founder of the evolutionary psychology department at Harvard.
He wrote the textbooks.
Most Ivy League schools use like Princeton, Harvard, Yale, you know,
block Cambridge, Oxford.
But more importantly, he also opened my eyes.
And I began to find other mentors.
People like Dr. Helen Fisher, she was the chief scientist that helped build match and tender.
She's one of the foremost experts on love, has lived with the, you know, pre-modern tribes
and studied love from every angle of the literature.
She's a psychologist.
She created a psychometric test.
I spent time with Dr. Martina Adshade, which is a former economist, who began to study
the economics of sex love dating.
And so over the years, I've not just, I've tried to be a scientist and not to give you
my anecdotal experience.
Do that makes sense.
And so as you go through the 13th thesis and the bonus and maybe you upgrade to the special
upgrade, uh, special packages, um, there'll be links to the science so you can make your
own assessment and you don't have to agree with everything I say.
That's not the point of this.
I will have succeeded.
The 13th thesis will have succeeded.
If you begin to think about things logically, differently from the masses, not like the sheep.
And by the way, there's a lot of people online who say don't think like a sheep and they're
sheep themselves.
Okay, just because you say you're not part of the masses, usually people say they're not
part of the masses or the masses.
They just don't realize it, you know, they're kind of a subsection of the masses.
You have the ignorant subsection and you have the dilettante, not, not actually well-schooled.
Now, on my own over the years, I began to develop lifecompass.com.
I've tested about a million people through psychometric analysis.
I haven't looked at the recent numbers, but after the first year or two, I have 500,000
people.
I was like, die.
You study more people than almost anybody.
So not only have I been mentored by many of the greats, of course, I love to read.
And I have my own anecdotal experience as somebody who's lived a pretty exciting, fun lifestyle
for a long time.
I mean, I got owned my first nightclub like when I was first, I started as an entrepreneur
young.
So I've been around beautiful women, modeling agencies, travel the world, lived everywhere
from Sweden to Brazil to, you know, Melbourne, Australia.
I've tasted, I've lived many lifestyles and many lifetimes, I should say.
But more importantly, I've also began to collect the data because I know the internet and I was
able to use lifecompass.com and other tools to begin to do really deep analysis.
So I think you're going to get value here.
Even if you don't, in fact, I hope you don't agree with everything.
My point is to get you thinking differently.
To get you thinking in probabilistic terms, to get you thinking about concepts like optimal
stopping.
What's the math?
To stop using just the brain stem, you know, you have the brain stem, the cerebellum, the
medulla here, the amygdala.
These are all kind of the illogical, reptilian primal parts of the brain.
The MPFC, the front of the brain is what gives you the ability to be so much different.
When we speak of the masses, we're peaking of the people, speaking of the people who react
in the primitive way instinctually versus the people who use the MPFC, the medium prefrontal
cortex, the logical analytical that can begin to understand what this first lesson I'm about
to get to is this is still the intro.
What this first lesson is about to get into, which is the economic principle applied to dating
love and romance called thick and thin market probabilities.
Most people won't really get this, what I'm about to say.
I hope you do.
So let's jump into it.
Before I get started on this first lesson, let me give you a quick overview.
This is for a man, I mean, anybody's welcome to join, but this is for a man who wants to
know the 13 things you need to know about love, sex, and dating specifically around long-term
mating versus short-term mating.
Those are two separate strategies that we'll talk about that humans pursue.
The 13 things one is economic, one is mathematical, five or behavioral archetypes, five or psychometric
trait analysis that you must do, and is one of the 13 pieces around is around a not so
well-known book.
So you know, the economic point we'll talk about first here is thick and thin market probabilities.
And you have to understand this or the rest of the 13 thesis system really doesn't make
sense, okay?
So you've got thick and thin market probabilities, which we'll talk about here.
Then we're going to move into the five behavioral archetypes.
These are things you must display.
Then we'll look at the five people put this a different way, but I'll call them psychometric
traits that you must seek in a long-term partner.
And then we'll talk about this book, it's written by a former Harvard professor.
And then the last of the thesis is optimal stopping math, okay?
So just to lay it out, you've got thick and thin market probabilities.
Then you have the five behavioral archetypes that you must display to a mate.
Then you have the five psychometric traits you must analyze and find in the other person.
Then you have the book, okay?
And then we have, you know, this kind of optimal math, which is really the 13th thesis, okay?
I hope that makes sense here.
So let's jump into this.
So as we jump into this, I remember this is a cohesive system.
This is a system.
I'm a man.
So this is from a man standpoint, anybody's welcome to go through this.
In fact, male and female should both look at both sides of dating a long-term meeting.
So if you're a woman watching this, this, I think will have a lot of helpful aspects.
So let's jump into this first of the 13 theses, the one that's the glue that holds everything
else the other 12 you're about to learn together.
So whenever you talk about love dating sex romance, you get a lot of anecdotal stuff.
People say, well, okay, that's not true because my uncle did this and, you know, he found me.
He went to a, you know, he met a woman at a strip club and she was a stripper and she became
the best wife ever and the best long-term partner and mate.
Okay, that's fine.
We're not doing anecdotal here because for every story like that, it's all set by a thousand
negative stories.
So we're trying to go as scientific as we can.
That's an important premise that we'll have here and we'll be listing a lot of the science.
You know, I was fortunate enough about 10 years ago to bump into someone, Dr. David Buss.
I was giving a talk on dating and mating in Las Vegas at the annual dating conference, dating
website, online dating conference.
And he was a guest speaker and he came up to me and he was like, Ty, you kind of have
it figured out, but you're missing one thing.
And he told me something I was missing.
I didn't even know who he was.
I was like, who is this guy kind of correcting me?
No, I wasn't offended, but I just thought it was funny, turned out he, you know, a professor,
former professor at Harvard, who's written the textbook and probably the most well-renowned
evolutionary psychologist on earth.
So he began to show me the science, which is not all his science, but the sources of
the science.
This is going to be deep into the science and not anecdotal.
Now, why is this first thick and thin market probability so important?
Well, people forget he got as an old saying, art is long and life is short.
This is a saying from the Greeks, the Romans thousands of years ago, what they meant by that
is the art of living a good life takes a long time to figure out, but life is short and most
people don't figure out life till they're 99 years old on their deathbed and then they
don't have enough time to put it into practice.
So you can make a lot of mistakes when it comes to long term mating, because then you need
multiple lives, which are not guaranteed to anybody, as far as we know, to get it right.
So you can't, this is like a parachute jump here, jumping out a parachute, you make a mistake.
There's no second challenge around.
You don't get the parachute right, move your dead and life had that finite opportunity
and you missed it.
Well, you know, dating and mating is a little bit more forgiving than skydiving, but not
that much.
And so we have to think in probabilities, you have to think of yourself, somebody going
to Vegas and you don't know the car that you're going to be handed, just like in life you
don't know how much life you have left.
There's this kind of unknowing.
And so you bet based on probabilities.
Now why did I add the phrase thick and thin market probabilities?
Well, if you Google thick and thin markets, this is an economic term, but it's applicable
to dating.
There's a famous scientist, Dr. Martina Adshade, who mentored me.
She's an economist who then began to study sex, love and dating as an economist.
And what thick and thin markets mean, I give you a simple example, okay, let's say I am
looking to hire a bodyguard, let's say you need a bodyguard, or it would be a thick market
to go spend time, a gold gym, maybe a big powerlifting gym, a big spot.
Right outside of a prison, when people are released and you get some dude who's tatted
up and, you know, all bulked up and massive, might be a good spot to be standing.
We call those thick markets.
You look over some of their lot of muscle, a lot of intimidation, where do they all hang
out?
Go there.
What's a thin market?
Well, if I'm looking for a bodyguard, do I want to go hang out with at a, you know, first
grade teacher convention?
Do we think that attracts a thick market of bodyguard types that you, let's say anecdotally
somebody can be like, well, you know, the world's biggest, most intimidating bodyguard happened
to be teaching first grade in, you know, stay in Virginia.
Yeah.
Okay.
But do you want to vet your life?
If you had a finite amount of time to go find a bodyguard for Elon Musk, do you want
to take that chance of spending a lot of time standing outside of preschools, looking
for the teachers to come out?
No, that's a thin market for big intimidating dudes.
Thick market?
Like I said, stand outside of a jail, you know, go to a power lifter convention.
These would be thick markets.
Once again, not everybody there meets the criteria, but the probabilities are in your favor.
You probably wouldn't have to find that much time.
You would not have to spend that much time searching to find one or more likely candidates
that you get interview.
I own a nightclub in Raleigh, North Carolina, where my first business is when my first kind
of M&A transactions in the sky, Georgia, Opaxia, say, still around him, and Paris
is out in Georgia's garage.
And he's like, you can take over Georgia's garage, but I have a problem.
It's getting out of control, security.
My bouncer got shot in the back.
One of them bugged.
It was like all this.
And I said, I'll take it over.
And I was like, Oh, I got to find all these big security people.
And I was searching and googling and there was this woman living there for your name, Linda.
And she was a prison guard and talking about thick and thin markets.
And I met her outside of Durham, North Carolina, I met her outside of Georgia's garage and
it was big.
She was big.
She was like, six, six.
I was thinking, Oh, she'd probably be good.
But I was still like, gosh, he's a woman.
There's a lot of big dudes.
And she gets out of the car.
She's like, ah, don't worry.
I got somebody for you.
It's not me.
He's seven foot two tall.
His name is Christopher Benjamin.
He still does event security for me to this day.
I got an event coming up.
He's doing it.
Okay.
It's a thick market of people that will be good security.
If you go to a convention of people who are over seven foot tall, and my experience on
a lot of nightclubs, really tall people are effective.
So that's a practical example.
When I was searching for, you know, security slash bodyguard, I went to the right place
looking for not so nice, big, intimidating people.
Now, what does all this have to do on dark and security night?
What does this have to do with finding love, romance, long term meeting, has everything
to do with it, has everything to do with it.
You ever the saying you're looking for love in all the wrong places, that should be changed.
It should say you're looking for love in thin markets.
And that's why you're frustrated.
Stop looking in thin markets.
So a lot of what we'll talk about throughout the 13th thesis is kind of like one of the thesis
for archetypes you should display would be like the James Bond vibe.
And we'll talk about that.
The James Bond archetype.
Well, somebody can say anecdotally, well, okay, you know, not all women are attracted
to the sophisticated, classy, you know, kind of wealthy, yet adventurous, mysterious guy.
Yeah, but most are.
So that's a thick market.
You can become the thick market.
That makes sense.
You become the thick market.
So it's super critical.
You stop thinking in black and whites.
I noticed this is a subject people are like, well, you know, America is good or America
is bad and London is good and London is bad and that I hear this kind of conversation
or a woman's body count is this and therefore she's that and it's too black and white.
When you talk to a really smart scientist, I've been fortunate enough to be mentored by
many of them.
Some of you know, and some of you want to Robert Trevor's famous Harvard evolutionary
biologist.
I always noticed they're very slow to speak in absolutes.
They speak in broad swaths, probabilistic thinking.
Just like if you go to Vegas, you're not thinking every hand you get is going to be good.
You're like, how do I play the odds?
If I get a pair of force, okay, I'm going to fold and move on quickly.
You got to do that in your life.
You don't sit there and try to force a pair of sixes to win for you.
You just fold a hand and you move on because you know the probability is not good.
Some of the strategies you've been employing, you just need to fold that hand and move on.
Think in thick markets.
I remember one of the first after here in my garage came out in that commercial.
It was actually the day here in my garage came out and went viral.
This is, I believe January 24th, 2015, you know, hundreds of millions of people ended
up seeing this and it was just like, well, I was giving a talk at the Roosevelt Hotel
in Hollywood, North Hollywood, California and Joel Soutz and my first mentor came and he
gave a talk and as we're walking out, I remember I had Ferrari Lamborghini and I was like, oh,
you're my garage.
And there's a guy Joel, my first mentor was 19, he's pretty become famous now over the
years and somebody said to him, Joel, like, I'm having a hard time on dating love because
Joel's married to the, you know, love of his high school sweetheart, they're still married
and he was like, Joel, you know, man, I'm like having a hard time finding women and it's
LA and it's tough and dating sucks here.
What's your advice?
And Joel said, you have to go where the type of woman you want a lot of them hang out.
I always thought, it's funny, looking back, I realized without him maybe purposely meeting
this, he was talking about thick and thin market probabilities.
So he's, I think he said to the guy something like, why don't you, because the guy was
like, yeah, I'm going out to restaurants, I'm meeting women, I'm going to clubs.
And Joel's like, well, that's not where long term women hang out long term relationship
material hangs out.
He said, like, why don't you go to libraries?
Like market, if you're looking for intelligence, it's no guarantee a dump for crazy people
can be a hotel.
I mean, in a library, you know, it's, it's, but it's a thicker market for IQ.
If it's a, there's something called self selected groups, people select themselves into groups
to their behavior.
And we'll talk about that later.
One of the bonuses I talk about the best occupations that to find mates in, for example, entrepreneur
if you're looking for a long term mate has very high levels, it's a thick market for people
with mental instability, narcissism, psychopathy, a case like about Machiavellianism, all these
negative traits.
So it's not a thick market, you know, a thick market actually for long term mating potential
of dating.
You'll hear me use the word by the way, dating and mating interchangeable, because mating
is the actual scientific term.
And I want to set the tone of this, that it's very scientific.
And we're not just using, you know, slaying bro science.
So you know, thick market for low exploitative traits would be that preschool teacher that
I was talking about when scientists do studies, of course there could be a psychopath or crazy
person.
And there are that are preschool teachers.
But it's a lot thicker of a market of people who are low on the negative exploitative traits.
And it's thin on crazy people that you wouldn't want to have a kid with or a long term relationship.
It's thin.
See how we're thinking the rest of what you're talking about when I do this, I do this
preschool teacher, she was nuts.
Kind of a stripper that was marriage material.
Yeah, but strippers are a thin market for by their very selection of occupation.
You can watch as a bonus on this in the program, you can click around and find it's called
on its occupations that have low exploitative traits.
And so, you know, again, you're going to start thinking this 13 thesis is a movement.
This isn't just a system of course you're in.
This is a way to transform how you think about everything.
By the way, bloodline, we're talking bloodline here.
You know, I caught the grand theory of seven.
There's seven things you have to get right in life.
The first is your bloodline number one and one, ladies and gentlemen, it's your bloodline.
Don't get that wrong.
What's bloodline?
It breaks into three categories friends, family romance friends is your bloodline that's not
related to you, but they're so loyal to you that they're like a brother or a sister.
Family is the family you're born to and the family you give birth to and then romance
is the mechanism, you know, biology.
The universe God has used romantic sexual attraction to create the family and keep the cohesive
family and the growth of the family without romance, you would effectively not have a
high enough reward for people to incur the pain that it takes to raise children.
So that's, you know, worth it.
In this program, there's a whole separate strategies that people employ on short term
80.
Okay.
Sleeping around really short term relationships.
Most humans have two aspects to their romantic strategy, but this 13 thesis specifically, because
I think it's so important, you know, I have children, it's important that you have children.
Now, you may disagree with me, but the sciences against you, people who don't have kids is
something like 99% of people who could have kids who chose not to have real depression
and regret over that.
But on the other hand, people have kids with the long, long term mate also have crazy levels
of depression or regret and pain.
So you got to think of it on like the optimal frontier, they call it.
So it's like, no children when you could have, it's like low, let's say this way is, you
know, happiness.
So you could have kids, but you don't, you'll be low happiness.
You have kids, the right amount of kids with the right person, a lot of happiness.
And then if you either have too many kids or it's got the wrong person, you come back to
where you do have kids, but now happiness shrinks again.
So that optimal point on the frontier is the right amount of kids at the right time with
the right partner.
As David Buss, you story say, most important thing is choose correctly because you can't
change adults.
So if you have a child with the wrong person or let's say you don't have children, but
you spend large chunks of your life, your rare life, you're one of the ones in a lifetime
time, you know, you spend 10 years with the wrong person.
It's tremendous pain.
So get this right.
And the first way to start getting this right is stop thinking in black and white.
So again, stop even thinking like I told you I was with somebody and to me, it's like
some things you should be somewhat black and white about.
It's like if they are like, for example, and this is going to be controversial, I myself
would not choose a long term relationship with somebody who had been a stripper for a long
period of time.
It's a self selected group that has display features and it would be such a thin probability
that I would find the right person that I just would black and white.
I know you said I said you shouldn't do black and white.
You shouldn't think in black and whites, but it's okay to have black and white decision making
is difference.
I understand there's a gray area that there can be the most amazing mother of my children
could be a stripper, but I will choose because of the fact that I have such a finite time
on earth.
We have under 100 years here on earth, and I don't want to be searching with this much
of a chance.
It's like searching for a needle in a haystack, you know, I think it's tough, you know, I probably
wouldn't.
That's why I don't date entrepreneurs.
Controversial point of this gets out, but so be it.
I'm a controversial person.
It seems to the world like entrepreneurs for me have such a high likelihood.
There's great science on this.
You're talking 500% increase in things like psychopathy and exploitative traits.
I just kind of write it off and I'm like, I'm not looking there at all.
I'm like, now, you know, would I be so cloned mind, close minded of somehow some way the person
in my dreams.
Yeah.
But don't think that way.
That's what Hollywood has tricked everybody.
You're just minding your business and as the person comes across your way and, you know,
you fall in love for that, that that ain't happening.
The odds of that happening is so low, you're a fool and I use that word very painfully.
I'd be a fool.
You'd be a fool to ever bank on the Hollywood approach.
You need to put yourself in the places that have a thick market, lots of people that meet
the criteria of long term meeting.
So just some practical thing was, like I said, that's why I'm not such a big fan of nightclubs,
especially depending on the age range.
If you're, let's say looking for a mate who's 30 years old and you're gone.
So you're a dude.
You're looking for a 30 year old ish aged woman.
You find somebody's going to clubs a lot.
I mean, that's a self selected thin market.
There's a very thin chance that somebody who, you know, you're like, oh, you come here
often.
Yes, my favorite club.
I come every Saturday.
I'm like, God, I don't like bars either because you have a thick market of alcoholics
and alcoholism is highly genetically irritable.
It passes on to your children and it's catastrophic.
You want to see some of the most traumatized people or people that are alcoholic mother.
I mean, this has been chronicled by a psychiatrist, a psychologist for millennia.
So I'm just, I don't want to meet a woman anymore.
Okay.
Now, if it's a restaurant that serves alcohol, that's a neutral market.
I believe there are neutral markets, thick markets and thin markets.
So I would say a thin market for what I would be looked in for would be a bar, especially
now, if you're 18 years old and you're just everybody, you know, is just going to bars
because they just turned 18.
If you're outside the US, like Europe or if you're 21 in the US, then it's probably a
neutral market, but I, I don't just want neutral.
I want to go to thick markets.
So I'll tell you, you want to know a thick market, go and volunteer at like an orphanage
for a month or a week in Africa where they take care of, you know, AIDS, babies born
with AIDS, truly tragic kind of situations.
If you meet someone there who's working for low pay, you know, but they don't care because
they care about the world and they care about others, that's a great place.
I never did that myself, but in hindsight, I would have, I shouldn't have done more of
that.
Man, that is a thick market, almost any.
So then what you do, anyone you're physically attracted to and displays other trade, like
the main traits are already there, you know, they're selfish, you know, they're nurturing.
We'll talk about that in the other of the 13th thesis, like you're get it's there.
I'm excited for you as you begin to think this way.
Go to where the people are that meet the criteria you should have.
We know scientifically long term mating.
You want low export tativeness.
You want high on mental stability, low on nervous anxiety, okay, it's called different
things.
The big five calls it one thing, the hexico calls it another, you know, emotionality is
what hexico calls it, big five.
You've heard the trait neurosis, that's an old school term that's not in favor as much
anymore, but you want low neurosis, if what's a neurotic person, I mean, go watch a Woody
Allen movie.
That's like the display of somebody's like, ah, I think.
Reversion away from here's baseline emotions, then some minor stress happens.
Somebody who shoots up and then takes a long time to come back to normal.
That is a, that baseline inability to revert to the baseline is a great sign of mental instability
that you don't want in a partner.
So where are people, you know, like I would not folk and do a long term really mating.
Like pool is not like protesters, you know, not people who can play this wave.
Someone will protest once in her life twice, but people are habitually protesting.
Now you might think that's antithetical.
No, Ty, they're trying to save the world.
You know, they're good luck with that.
Right.
I mean, how that works out for you for you for a decade.
Go for it.
I don't even try to change people's mind.
You think you're on the right track?
Um, yeah.
Good luck, my friend.
I hope you don't find the pain that's probably headed your way.
Go to where really nice people are.
You want a good long term, maybe, you know, nurturing professions, nursing is a great is
a profession that often attracts now.
Once again, it's a thin market for what you don't want, but you can find it if you don't
know what you're doing.
So just to be clear.
You've got to find somebody who is a nurse or works at an orphanage who's kooky.
And you would that you should not, you know, engage in a form of long term mating with.
But it's just the odds are in your favor.
And as the famous kind of blessings, like may the wind be at your back.
The goal of the 13 thesis is that the wind is at your back, meaning it's kind of working
in your favor.
When you start hanging out in the right places with the right group of people, it's going
to get easier.
So there's better.
There are certain cities.
I think New York City is the worst city in the United States for long term, many in my
opinion.
Now, people are going to have all kinds of anecdotal reasons why I'm wrong.
Okay, but I'm playing the statistics here.
I don't have 10 lifetimes to make mistake nine time and find it on the 10th go around.
We're not cats.
I think the earth, the horrible market, one of the worst in the world, I think it attracts
people with a lot of traits you wouldn't want.
But there are there is good material there.
It's just not good.
Especially if you're in Manhattan.
I think, you know, San Francisco, again, people are going to take this out of context and say,
how can you classify, you know, 19 million people in Manhattan in the five boroughs and
how can you just give a broad swath to San Francisco?
Well, if you get it, what I'm saying, you get it.
If you're, you know, there's a lot of people that are just not nuanced enough and intelligent
to even understand what we're talking about here.
And they'll just go, I don't get it like no, there's, I meant, there is a good person
in San Francisco.
Yeah.
But how are you going to find them?
They're buried amongst too many cookies, cookie people.
That's why I have if you're not, there should be a link to get in the private premium extra
module.
On my experience in specific cities, I call my global guide, you may want to get that.
I'll talk real specifically on the places I think are thicker markets.
Like if you're in California, I think a thicker market for long term meetings, like a city
like San Diego attracts a lot of surfers, it did track kind of that vibe of artists in
a sense, New York attracts the greedy ambitious, which is a actual, if you look at a psychometric
test, like Hexaco, it's a sign of mental instability, it's called greed avoidance, low
greed avoidance.
So I think big cities, you got to be careful.
But I think I think countries like Brazil, they did a meta analysis globally.
There's huge disparities between certain countries in terms of mental instability.
There's places that are way more likely to have mentally unstable people way more.
I think in this study, you know, I think the most mentally unstable in this study that
I saw I'll try to put a link to it below was the Pakistan or Russia.
And the most mentally stable was actually Brazil, you know, America was kind of in the
middle, Canadian, I got to go to Canada before America all day long.
If you're within America, you know, some of the mid markets, meaning middle size markets,
like a Chicago or something, I think you have a thicker market.
But then this is a more nuanced conversation because urban versus rural, there is a lot
of science that rural markets have more nurturing people.
But if they're born rural, then it's not as good.
It's not as indicative because there's not a self selected group.
So somebody who moved to the countryside on their own, because they wanted to have a farm
and grow food would by nature be a thicker market for nurturing people.
And as you'll learn throughout the 13 thesis, you're looking for these five vibes or attributes,
things like the mother vibe, you know, and the mother vibe is by nature by it's very, by
the very nature of the word mother ring is a nurturing vibe.
So anyway, think about this.
The point of today's 13 thesis lesson is like, okay, I'm starting to think not always
micro.
So micro is like, when I'm at the strip club, I'm going to find the best woman there.
Now macro is I don't go to this strip club when I'm looking.
If you're short-termating or delusion, that's a good place to go and no offense if you're
watching this thing or a stripper, but at the same time, I'm going to say what I will say
is a free country, disagree with you.
This is no canceling.
This is well thought through logical stuff.
You can disagree.
I'm going to say what I want to say.
I got no patience for that.
And people are not allowed to say that I can say it more likely that I'm true that what
I'm saying is true.
And in common sense is no longer common, but you have you have you could go in any century
and be like, Oh, do I want to go to a, you know, house of prostitution to find a mother
for my future children, like do a time for the last 10,000 years, people will be like,
hell no, but we live in a modern world like you can't offend anybody and say, Oh, everybody's
equal.
Well, everybody's equal before the law, but not everybody equal has had an equal chance
to be the mother of your child or to be your long term mate.
Why?
It's very nature.
We're choosy.
So are every animal as zookeepers, you know, they have an elephant or rhino and they can't
get it to reproduce because they bring all these male rhinos and the females, like,
I don't like that one.
I don't like that one.
They won't mate with them.
We found that, you know, sexual selection is by its very nature and it should be picky.
Of course you don't want to be overly picky and that's a whole other conversation, but
and that's the 13th thesis, optimal stopping.
So, um, yeah, this is an important one.
Do you think I'm thick and thin market probabilities?
So with that, I'm going to end this, leave a comment below and where's the thick market
that you've looked that had a ton of potential candidates and where's a thin market in the
past?
Put that below thick and thin markets you've had experience with.
Because I said thick market was, um, anytime I did anything intellectual, the women who
came there, I found to be better fit to criteria.
So like if I talked about books, you know, that brought me, I liked the women that were dragged
to that more than when I posted a Lamborghini and the women were like, Oh, I love Lamborghinis.
Like that was a thinner market, in my opinion, of what I was looking for long term.
That was a thinner market.
I put that out of my comment.
What's your comment?
Talk to you soon.
